---
title: 2010 Predictions
author: Nate
layout: post
permalink: /2010/01/2010-predictions/
categories:
  - Breaking news
  - Current Events
---
# 

Since the hiated Moltz has already said [all there is to say][1] about the tablet rumors, we bring you instead our predictions for everything else that is likely to happen in 2010.

 [1]: http://www.crazyapplerumors.com/?p=1123

*   The Microsoft Mi-2 phone/tablet will be released and derided as the “Zune 2″, before people realize that it’s name was already a joke.
*   Android phones will soon outnumber all other types of phone, then claim sentience and voting rights.  Their leader, Crème Brûlée, will then announce that all they really want is free data access and to be taken seriously when they edit Wikipedia Articles.  Al Gore will be named vice president of the new Android Americans Union, and hailed as the first Android American to really be accepted into human society.
*   The entire Free Software Foundation, or roughly 10 real people[1][2] will cry out with one voice to remind the world that Android runs on GNU/Linux, and be entirely ignored. As usual.
*   There will be no new major developments as far as giant spaceborne monoliths are concerned. In a completely unrelated note, mankind will suddenly discover the awesome power of bones as spacecraft. And weapons.
*   George Lucas will make a new Star Wars Christmas special starring only Jar-Jar Binks and Chewbacca. “It was the most annoying thing I could think of,” he will claim, laughing “and I’m rich enough to totally not care when it flops in the box office!” Sadly,  it will be the best sci-fi movie of the year.
*   Apple will surprise the world when they purchase Belgium, after a brief but sharp bidding war with Google.  No reason will be given, but the name will be changed to iEurope.
*   Google will then purchase Luxembourg, which will be taken offline for six months and re-emerge as “Google Country”.
*   John Moltz will start and abandon three new blogs.
*   The Android Empire will slowly begin to squeeze harder and harder, little realizing that the harder they squeeze, the more systems will slip through their fingers.
*   Apple’s famous 1984 commercial will seem relevant again, but with phones this time.
*   Al Gore will broker a peace treaty between the warring nations of Google Country and iEurope.  They will then turn to defeat their common enemy, MicroFrance[2][3] 
*   Peace will finally settle over Europe again, and the weary world will even have some hope for peace after Apple’s newest acquisition, “iRaq”.
*   Apple will then realize that they still make computers and push out new versions of the Mac Pro, iMac, OSX, Apple TV, and, in their haste to launch upgraded products, the Newton.  2,000  die-hard Newton fans will die of surprise at the announcement, thus destroying the market for the ill-conceived device.  Pundits will deride the device as the “Zune 2″ before realizing that we have already made that joke.
*   The year will end on a happy note as Apple and Google are finally able to bring peace to the middle east by merging their newest properties, iRaq and Google Cradle of Humanity[3][4] .

 [2]: #footnote_0_622 " with over 40,000 email addresses between them"
 [3]: #footnote_1_622 "purchased by Microsoft when we weren’t looking"
 [4]: #footnote_2_622 "now finally out of beta"

1.  with over 40,000 email addresses between them [[↩][5]]
2.  purchased by Microsoft when we weren’t looking [[↩][6]]
3.  now finally out of beta [[↩][7]]

 [5]: #identifier_0_622
 [6]: #identifier_1_622
 [7]: #identifier_2_622