---
title: 'Friday iFAQ: 2011'
author: Nate
layout: post
permalink: /2010/12/friday-ifaq-2011/
categories:
  - Friday iFAQ
---
# 

Every Friday we publish a list of inFrequently Answered Questions and answers to help you, the Crazy Apple user, get more out of your Crazy Apple products.

This week we take a minute to talk about the new year. That was funnier in our head.

Q: So, oh great prognosticating vowel, what can I expect from the next year?

A: Ah, you would have me pull back the curtains of time and show you the future would you? Few there be that survive such an encounter, and of those that do live to tell the tale, few there be that are grateful for the experience.

Q: Hmmm… yep, okay, I’m convinced. No need to end up dead or insane. Well, see ya!

A: Wait! Ummmmm, maybe you’ll be really lucky on both counts, in fact, yes, yes, I see now, your luck is great and you will be safe from insanity!

Q: Okay, I’ll play along. So, back to my original question. What does 2011 hold for us, the Apple Faithful?

A: The seeds of the future are planted in the past, and by examining the present growth of those seeds we may see their future, as we stated in the beginning of this sentence.

Q: So the future is…a lot of plants?

A: Man, I hope so. We seriously need some green stuff on this ol’ earth of ours. Just think, if every person planted a single tree–

Q: Hey, HEY! I came for mystic predictions, not hippie talk.

A: You say that like there’s a difference. Okay, the next year of Apple. Here goes.

## Predictions for 2011 

*   The following version numbers will all happen: 
    *   **iPad 2** : Smaller, bigger screen, extra pretentiousness
    *   **iPhone 5** : Now with working antennae!
    *   **iWork 2011** : Available only on the Mac App Store!
*   **Lion **will be released amidst a flurry of both cat and battery puns.[4][4] The changes that were brought “Back to the Mac” from the iPad will irritate power users, who will complain about them on all manner of online forums, then secretly start using them, just as they have Expose, Time Machine, Spotlight, and all the other features that power users feel the need to decry until they try. Them. Until they try them. Sounds like an O.J. trial joke, doesn’t it? “Don’t decry until you try!” But I digress. The other next big thing will be
*   **The Mac App Store**. Thousands of developers will rush to get their apps into the premier digital distribution channel for desktop applications. At the same time there will be thousands of developers complaining about the App Store’s “draconian” rules and the phrase “walled garden” will be bandied about even more than it already is.
*   **“This [*insert product name here*] is turned up to 11!” Jokes** will persist throughout the new year, despite the fact that they stopped being funny in June of 2010. Or possibly right after “This is Spinal Tap” came out, depending on whom you ask.
*   **Android and Chrome OS** will continue to market themselves as the clearly superior alternatives to iOS and OSX, respectively. Until Google decides to either kill Chrome OS or merge it with Android, at which point pundits who think that you can’t spell pundit without PUN[5][6] will try to decide if they should call it AndroChrome or ChromeDroid.
*   **Steve Jobs** will get both more crotchety and more visionary, granting us all amazing new products that change the way we interact with our data, but also requiring that we also pay for the services of an Apple genius to ensure that we are interacting with that data in elegant and Apple-sanctioned ways.
*   **The Mac Pro** will be cut from Apple’s product line as Apple pushes ever faster towards a completely consumer-level lineup of products and services. “Let’s face it, the only people who ever used Mac Pros the way they were meant to be used were Pixar employees…oh, wait” a suddenly thoughtful Steve Jobs will say on stage when he announces the move. In a completely unrelated note, Cars 3 will be made entirely in iMovie for iPhone.[6][7]
*   **Steve Jobs, Larry Ellison, and Linus Torvalds** will face off in a three way battle to the death for the title of “Technology dictator for life”. Expect Torvalds to fall victim to Ellison’s brutal beard attack early in the action, only to reappear safe and sound in his home seconds later. When questioned about this he will simply say “Git: it’s a lot more powerful than you think.” and then write a blog post about his daughters. Back in the arena Jobs, resplendent in his Liquidmetal iArmor, will defeat Ellison easily, but spare his life to avoid the stain on his karma. Ellison will slink back to Oracle, a bitter and cynical old man. So no real change there.

* * *

A: And that’s what you can expect from 2011! 

Q: Wow. That’s amazing! You got all that from a busted Second Generation iPod Touch?

A: Don’t question my methods!

Q: Okay, sorry, sorry. Say, I’m heading over to a New Year’s Eve party. You wanna come?

A: Hey, sure.

Q: Man, this party’s going to be turned up to 11 baby!

A: \*sigh\* and so it begins.